## Diary for team red
### Acronyms
Name | Acronym
-----|--------
Thomas Baumann | tba
Frédéric Lehmann | fle
Severin Thalmann | sth
Ismael Riedo | iri
Roland Roccaro | rro
Tobias Weissert | twe
Fridolin Zurlinden | fzu

### Meetings
Date, Time | Attendance | Minutes 
-----------|------------|--------
16.03.18, 11:05 | tba, fle, sth, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 45
23.03.18, 10:20 | tba, fle, sth, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 90
04.04.18, 16:15 | tba, fle, sth, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 120
06.04.18, 10:20 | tba, fle, sth, iri, rro, fzu | 90
11.04.18, 17:00 | tba, fle, sth, rro, twe, fzu | 45
16.04.18, 19:55 | tba, fle, sth, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 45
23.04.18, 19:55 | tba, fle, sth, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 90
27.04.18, 10:20 | tba, sth, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 45
30.04.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, sth, iri, rro, fzu | 90
04.05.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, sth, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 90
07.05.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 15
09.05.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, sth, iri, twe, fzu | 20
14.05.18, 20:30 | tba, sth, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 25
18.05.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, sth, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 90
23.05.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, sth, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 15
25.05.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, sth, rro, twe, fzu | 15
28.05.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 25
01.06.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 90
04.06.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, sth, iri, twe, fzu | 20
06.06.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, sth, iri, rro, fzu | 20
08.06.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, sth, iri, rro, twe, fzu | 15
11.06.18, 20:30 | tba, fle, sth, iri, fzu | 20

### Evaluation
Task | Grade
---------|---------
Task 1 Design Thinking | 18/20
Task 1 Design Thinking Presentation | 4/5
Task 2 Requirements Specification Document | 10/15
Task 3 Requirements Review | 4/5
Task 4 |
**Total** | 81%

#### 16.03.2018
- (twe) Generating GitHub repo
- (team) Project setup and kickoff meeting
- Todo:
  - [x] (team) 16.03.18 Initialize project
  - [x] (fzu) 23.03.18 Add Git cheatsheet

#### 23.03.2018
- (team) Had a meeting with the entire team (defined scope and interview questions)
- (team) Defined open tasks and assigned [issues](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/issues) to the team members.
- (fzu) Added [interview questions](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/blob/task1/INTERVIEW.md)
- (fzu) Added [github cheatsheet](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/blob/task1/GITCHEATSHEET.md)
- Todo:
  - [x] (fzu) 23.03.18 Add git cheatsheet
  - [x] (team) 23.03.18 Define interview questions
  - [x] (fzu) 04.04.18 Interview with general practitoner
  - [x] (tba) 04.04.18 Interview with psychologist
  - [x] (iri) 04.04.18 Interview with psychology student
  - [x] (team) 04.04.18 Create two storyboards per person

#### 24.03.2018
- (iri) Interviewed psychology student, submitted [results](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/43bec7ae7254d99ed6dfc4aa7de4ca4efef8f996)
- (iri) Improved [git cheatsheet](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/96b1048cd7d352d50b611c43dc08a5e6127e828b)
- Todo:
  - [x] (fzu) 04.04.18 Interview with general practitoner
  - [x] (tba) 04.04.18 Interview with psychologist
  - [x] (iri) 04.04.18 Interview with psychology student
  - [x] (team) 04.04.18 Create two storyboards per person

#### 30.03.2018
- (tba) Submitted [results for interview](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/c592e79fba3d5b8e019761ed5d4ca11f7103408e) with psychologist
- (tba) Added [two storyboards](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/3961f2f1e28f902055a2f5f2454ee3440b85a924)
- Todo:
  - [x] (fzu) 04.04.18 Interview with general practicer
  - [x] (team) 04.04.18 Create two storyboards per person
  - [x] (team) 04.04.18 Analyze storyboards and create features in next meeting

#### 04.04.2018
- (fle) Added two [storyboards](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/b3abb0d10e42ab918f8bb647b69a106beaa1164d)
- (sth) Added two [storyboards](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/72cac3297e639ea126846955fddc7ed1ca6862b6)
- (iri) Added two [storyboards](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/e734466455e318af1b871e574337e8b681582570)
- (fzu) Added two [storyboards](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/c32f75cd4a7d3cd591e7b6cf3662411d3fbfd09a)
- (fzu) Updated [diary](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/blob/master/DIARY.md)
- (team) Analyzed storyboards and created feature set for mockups.
- Todo:
  - [x] (fzu) 04.04.18 Interview with general practitoner
  - [x] (team) 04.04.18 Create two storyboards per person
  - [x] (team) 04.04.18 Analyze storyboards and create features
  - [x] (twe) 06.04.18 Create mockup for [probability feature](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/blob/master/FEATURES/Probability.JPG)
  - [x] (tba) 06.04.18 Create mockup for [journal feature](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/blob/master/FEATURES/Journal.JPG)
  - [x] (fle) 06.04.18 Create mockup for [challenge feature](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/blob/master/FEATURES/Challenge.JPG)
  - [x] (sth) 06.04.18 Create a persona
  - [x] (rro) 06.04.18 Create a persona
  - [x] (tba) 06.04.18 Validate mockups with psychologist


#### 06.04.2018
- (fzu) Added interview [results (doctor) [storyboards](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/c32f75cd4a7d3cd591e7b6cf3662411d3fbfd09a)
- (twe) Added [clickable mockup](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/tree/master/Mockup) for [probability feature](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/blob/master/FEATURES/Probability.JPG)
- (rro) Added two [storyboards](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/1c2edbdfad9b335bff7ee0bc90cc498e10101500)
- (sth) Added [persona](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/0d88e75f65e7ac17d6daf5eae7c3f4d6dfd95c03)
- (fle, tba) Submitted [mockups](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/c19b32b8269f92c4179690aa5634e31f7b89d4de)
- (rro) Added [persona](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/commit/aa1489138594444b0e992989cc4b482d2ec44ff4)
- (tba) [Validation](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/blob/master/Validation/ValidationMockup.md) of mockup results
- (tba) Created new [feature](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/blob/master/FEATURES/Fragebogen.jpg) according to validation feedback
- Todo:
  - [x] (twe) 06.04.18 Create mockup for [probability feature](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/blob/master/FEATURES/Probability.JPG)
  - [x] (tba) 06.04.18 Create mockup for [journal feature](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/blob/master/FEATURES/Journal.JPG)
  - [x] (fle) 06.04.18 Create mockup for [challenge feature](https://github.com/supertoub/ch.bfh.bti7081.s2018.teamred/blob/master/FEATURES/Challenge.JPG)
  - [x] (sth) 06.04.18 Create a persona
  - [x] (rro) 06.04.18 Create a persona
  - [x] (tba) 06.04.18 Validate mockups with psychologist
  - [x] (team) 06.04.18 New feature from validation feedback
  - [x] (fle) 09.04.18 Describe features and mockups
  - [x] (iri, fzu) 09.04.18 Prepare presentation
  - [x] (fzu) 09.04.18 Finalize diary
  - [x] (fzu) 09.04.18 Summarize documentation in one document

#### 07.04.2018
- (fle) Added description for features and mockups
- Todo:
  - [x] (fle) 09.04.18 Describe features and mockups
  - [x] (iri, fzu) 09.04.18 Prepare presentation
  - [x] (fzu) 09.04.18 Finalize diary
  - [x] (fzu) 09.04.18 Summarize documentation in one document

#### 09.04.2018
- (iri, fzu) Finalized presentation
- (fzu) Finalized diary
- (fzu) created final version of documentation
- Todo:
  - [x] (iri, fzu) 09.04.18 Prepare presentation
  - [x] (fzu) 09.04.18 Finalize diary

#### 11.04.2018
- (team) Disscussed task02 and defined subtasks for team
- (fzu) Prepared repository and documentation for task02
- Todo:
  - [x] (iri, fzu) 16.04.18 Prepare presentation
  - [x] (fzu) 16.04.18 Update diary
  - [x] (fzu) 11.04.18 Create glossaries example
  - [x] (fzu) 11.04.18 Create requirements document template
  - [x] (sth) 13.04.18 Testing
  - [x] (tba) 13.04.18 System Models
  - [x] (rro) 13.04.18 System architecture
  - [x] (twe) 13.04.18 System requirements
  - [x] (fle) 13.04.18 User requirements

#### 16.04.2018
  - (team) Reviewed RS for team green and submitted feedback
  - Todo:
    - [x] (team) Review RS and give feedback for team green

#### 23.04.2018
  - (team) Team meeting with discussion and first draft for the sequence diagram and domain model
  - Todo:
    - [x] (fzu) Update diary
    - [x] (fle, tba) Finish domain model and sequence diagram
    - [x] (fzu) Create documentation
    - [x] (twe) Prepare presentation of diagrams

#### 27.04.2018
  - (team) Discussed presentation, last review of documentation
  - (fle, tba) Updated final version of diagrams
  - (fzu) Updated diary and documentation
  - Todo:
    - [x] (fzu) Update diary
    - [x] (fle, twe) Finish domain model and sequence diagram
    - [x] (fzu) Create documentation
    - [x] (twe) Prepare presentation of diagrams

#### 30.04.2018
- (team) Defined product backlog in product planing meeting with product owner
- (team) Started sprint planning meeting and defined tasks for sprint 1
- (fzu) Updated diary
- Todo:
  - [x] (fzu) Update diary
  - [x] (team) Define product backlog with product owner
  - [x] (team) Finish sprint planning
  - [x] (team) Draw high-level UML component and deployment diagram
  - [x] (team) Draw detailed class diagram for main view
  - [x] (team) Prepare presentation

#### 02.05.2018
- (team) Presentation and feedback for results of task6 + task6
- (team) Discussed feedback and improvements with product owner
   - [x] (fle) Update Package diagram
   - [x] (twe) split storys in smaller taks
   - [x] (team) define team roles
   - [x] (tba) update class diagram

#### 04.05.2018
- (team) Started working on sprint 1
- (team) Daily Scrum
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (fle) create initial package and class structure
  - [ ] (iri) create  challengeboard
  - [ ] (fle) create levelboard

#### 07.05.2018
- (team) Daily scrum
- (team) Updated descriptions for scrumbacklog
- (fle) Created first draft for levelboard
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (iri) create  challengeboard
  - [ ] (fle) create levelboard
  - [ ] (tba) add challenges to challengeboard functionality

#### 08.05.2018
- (fle) Implemented levelboard in presenter
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (fle) create levelboard
  - [ ] (tba) add challenges to challengeboard functionality


#### 09.05.2018
- (team) Daily scrum
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [ ] (iri) Generate sample challenges for each level
  - [ ] (tba) Add challenges to challengeboard functionality
  - [ ] (tba) Create listeners for event handling
  - [ ] (tba) Basic challenge functionality

#### 10.05.2018
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (iri) Generate sample challenges for each level
  - [x] (tba) Add challenges to challengeboard functionality
  - [ ] (tba) Create listeners for event handling
  - [ ] (tba) Basic challenge functionality

#### 11.05.2018
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (tba) Create listeners for event handling
  - [x] (tba) Basic challenge functionality


#### 14.05.2018
- (team) Daily scrum
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (iri) button behaviour in challengeboard
  - [ ] (iri) open/close functionality in view for challenges
  - [ ] (tba) refactor code for challengeboard
  - [ ] (sth) review and merge challenge branch
  - [ ] (fle) create login view functionality
  - [ ] (rro) add login view
  - [ ] (tba) create startpage buttons
  - [ ] (sth) fix start and login view
  - [ ] (fzu) add jdbc connector for hsqldb

#### 18.05.2018
- (team) Daily scrum and sprint review
- (team) Sprint planning meeting
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [x] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (iri) open/close functionality in view for challenges
  - [x] (tba) refactor code for challengeboard
  - [x] (sth) review and merge challenge branch
  - [x] (fle) create login view functionality
  - [x] (rro) add login view
  - [x] (tba) create startpage buttons
  - [x] (sth) fix start and login view
  - [x] (fzu) add jdbc connector for hsqldb
  - [ ] (fle) remove unused imports in project
  - [ ] (iri) update challengeboard
  - [ ] (fle) add icons to levelview
  - [ ] (fle) add buttons to levelview

#### 23.05.2018
- (team) Daily scrum
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (fle) remove unused imports in project
  - [x] (iri) update challengeboard
  - [x] (fle) add icons to levelview
  - [x] (fle) add buttons to levelview
  - [ ] (iri) user handling -> add exception
  - [ ] (fle) update levelview with level details
  - [ ] (iri) fix conflicts after last merge

#### 25.05.2018
- (team) Daily scrum
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (iri) user handling -> add exception
  - [x] (fle) update levelview with level details
  - [x] (iri) fix conflicts after last merge
  - [ ] (fzu) annotations for jpa persistence in model
  - [ ] (iri) add method to get challenge by name
  - [ ] (twe) update styling of startpage and overall look and feel
  - [ ] (twe) refactor code
  - [ ] (tba) update challenge details

#### 28.05.2018
- (team) Daily scrum
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (fzu) annotations for jpa persistence in model
  - [x] (iri) add method to get challenge by name
  - [x] (twe) update styling of startpage and overall look and feel
  - [ ] (twe) refactor code
  - [x] (tba) update challenge details
  - [ ] (sth) prepare journal view
  - [ ] (fzu) add class diagram
  - [ ] (tba) switch contents from challengeboardview to challengepresenter

#### 01.06.2018
- (team) Daily scrum and sprint review
- (team) Sprint planning meeting
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [x] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (twe) refactor code
  - [x] (sth) prepare journal view
  - [x] (fzu) add class diagram
  - [x] (tba) switch contents from challengeboardview to challengepresenter
  - [ ] (tba) add detail buttons to levels
  - [ ] (sth) fix bugs in navigator
  - [ ] (twe) update backlog
  - [ ] (rro) set up login view with vadin session
  - [ ] (fzu) rewrite persistence and add logging

#### 04.06.2018
- (team) Daily scrum
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [ ] (tba) add detail buttons to levels
  - [ ] (sth) fix bugs in navigator
  - [ ] (twe) update backlog
  - [ ] (rro) set up login view with vadin session
  - [ ] (fzu) rewrite persistence and add logging
  - [ ] (fle) add tests to project

#### 06.06.2018
- (team) Daily scrum
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (tba) add detail buttons to levels
  - [x] (sth) fix bugs in navigator
  - [x] (twe) update backlog
  - [x] (rro) set up login view with vadin session
  - [ ] (fzu) rewrite persistence and add logging
  - [x] (fle) add tests to project
  - [ ] (fle) improve tests
  - [ ] (tba) update challengeboard to display challenge details on panel click
  - [ ] (twe) keep backlog up to date
  - [ ] (iri) add exception handling

#### 08.06.2018
- (team) Daily scrum
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (fzu) rewrite persistence and add logging
  - [x] (fle) improve tests
  - [x] (tba) update challengeboard to display challenge details on panel click
  - [x] (twe) keep backlog up to date
  - [x] (iri) add exception handling
  - [ ] (fzu) implement persistence methods in busniess classes
  - [ ] (fzu) refactor code (constructors, getter, setter methods)
  - [ ] (fzu) fix problems with observer when entitiy are fetched from db
  - [ ] (tba) add sample data to inital sql script

#### 11.06.2018
- (team) Daily scrum
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [x] (fzu) implement persistence methods in busniess classes
  - [x] (fzu) refactor code (constructors, getter, setter methods)
  - [x] (fzu) fix problems with observer when entitiy are fetched from db
  - [x] (tba) add sample data to inital sql script

#### 13.06.2018
- (team) Daily scrum
- (team) Updated progress for scrumbacklog
  - [ ] (team) update scrum backlog after every daily sprint
  - [ ] (fzu) refactor code (check for unused imports/methods, methods that do not implement persistence)
  - [ ] (sth) integrate persistence into journal and finalize functionality
  - [ ] (iri) prepare presentation
  - [ ] (tba) create demo video
